[Dtm] CTM-601,602 documentation corrections (#1088)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-hierarchy-bundle/creating-assets-bulk-import.md

<b>Example:</b><br>
For an asset called "SE-T101-Blade 1" in the hierarchy "Wind turbine > Rotor > Blade" the path value is "SE-Turbine-101/SE-T101-Rotor", where "SE-Turbine-101" and "SE-T101-Rotor" each represent the respective asset models.<br><br>
In case of partial import, the path is defined in relation to the asset from which the file is imported. For the immediate children of the asset, the path remains blank.<br/><br/>
<b>Example:</b><br/>
In the hierarchy, "Wind turbine > Rotor > Blade", to import a new Rotor, "SE-T102-Rotor," and a Blade, "SE-T101-Blade2," under the existing Turbine "SE-Turbine-101", the path value for the Rotor remains blank, and the path value for the Blade is "SE-T102-Rotor."
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Mandatory (for all subassets)<br><br>
Mandatory (for subassets except immediate children in the context of partial import)<br><br>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left"><b>Device ID / External ID</b></td>
<td style="text-align:left">If the asset being created has a device associated with it, then provide the Device ID of the device here.<br><br>

> <b>Info:</b><br>Use a list of semi-colon separated Device IDs/ External IDs to associate multiple devices to the asset.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-info>}}
Use a list of semi-colon separated Device IDs or External IDs to associate multiple devices to the asset.
{{< /c8y-admon-info>}}
</td>
```

Author: @MWindel, Is it ok to have info box within a column in a table or should I start the sentence with the phrase Note that... ?

Reviewer: You use the info admonitions below, so it is best to keep it consistent. You can decide if you want the admonitions or "note that". Using "note that" removes the rendering issue of info boxes with admonitions in the mobile view.

Author: Keeping it consistent with other pages that have similar info, I have updated the content to use "note that"

<td style="text-align:left">6th column onwards (in the CSV template), all the asset properties for the root asset models and all its subsequent child asset models are listed.<br/><br/>
Note that the <a href="/dtm/asset-types/#custom-property-types" class="no-ajaxy">Asset property type</a> is also mentioned as a label, for better understanding.<br/>
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Mandatory (If the property is set as required in the asset model. For details, see <a href="/dtm/asset-types/#to-add-an-asset-property-to-an-asset-model">To add an asset property to an asset model</a>).</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

![bulk-import-template](/images/dtm/bulk-import/dtm-bulk-import-template.png)

{{< c8y-admon-info>}}

> Use only comma(,) as a separator when entering values in the CSV template.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be apt to mention about ; also as a value separator in same column. (Device Id) ?

> Use only comma(,) as a separator when entering values in the CSV template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use only comma (,) as a separator when entering values in the CSV template.
```
